minor change to trigger build (#2786)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-api-sdk-to-oie-sdk/main/android/pswrvy.md

### Okta Authentication SDK authentication flow for password recovery

> For a password recovery flow using the Classic Engine Java Auth SDK, a typical app has to first instantiate the `AuthenticationClient` object and then call the `recoverPassword()` method with the username. In this password recovery scenario, the email factor is used to recover the password, therefore the `FactorType.EMAIL` argument is also provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a password recovery flow that uses the Classic Engine Java Auth SDK, a typical app has to first instantiate the `AuthenticationClient` object and then call the `recoverPassword()` method with the username. In this password recovery scenario, the email factor is used to recover the password, therefore the `FactorType.EMAIL` argument is also provided.
```
